1. Match the real world
		There are terms are being used in bank and wallet applications commonly every day. We've selected the best ones to provide our users the best experience possible. The main issue was to be the user instead of thinking like the user. There are a lot of differences and we've managed to handle them efficiently. For instance, we've used the babiest and most understandable words so that everyone no matter what their English knowledge is can understand the application and what will happen when they want to do something. But the words are simply not enough, we need to be sure about the user will understand whats going on at the moment, because bank applications have to be fast and robust so that users can trust it. We've used charts, colored buttons for order/buy/sell, colored money status for income and outcome, similiar icons and world map so that they will understand it easily without having to read all applications information.
	Conclusion: With matching our system/application to the real world, we are providing our users best and most importantly understandable interface.

2. Visibility
		a) Knowledge is the power they say, and that's what we have followed. It was unclear to see our future because of we haven't had tested any users so far, so that we've become the users. We've tested how things lookup to us, for instance can every user see that there is an option to use QR code. It was important because a feature is useless/bloat as long as the users are not using it. Everything had to be visible.
		b) Feedback is by far one of the most important things that an application needs, in our case it has to have instant feedbacks because banking applications have to be fast so that the users will be ensured that when they want to do something, it will happen simultaneously. For instance when you click a button on tabs, or security pages, you will see that it gives you what you need without too many animations. That was a topic that we've discussed a lot, and at the end we've decided that the most important thing is the speed within the visibility rather than slowing animations.
		c) Reducing complexity was the final step to increase visibility. Many banking applications create a hastle of processes that has to be done before just a simple task, like money transfer, bill payments etc. This hastle of work may couse our users to go away or don't use our application in which it would cost a lot. Simple buttons, an understandable home page so that a user will see everything, when they click on it, it will go to the page that they want in nanoseconds if not miliseconds. Same UI layout and theme everywhere so that when they see shadowed and bordered small boxes, they will understand that it is a button without thinking about it etc.
		Conclusion: With increasing the visibility of our application, we are providing our users no hastle of work idea, which Steve Jobs would call it "It just works!".

